0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
        It is a lung disease. It is also the longest word of the English dictionary.
    
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
        It returns resource usage measures.
        
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct
    rusage ?
        16
    
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to
    calculate , even though we’re not changing their contents?
        Because, as defined at the end of the program, calculate takes for arguments 
        two pointers to structs rusage (struct rusage* a).
        
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading
    words from a file. 
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
        First, main() prepares the benchmarks to measure the resource usage and loads the dictionary.
        Then it opens the text. It reads character by character and appends them to a string until it
        encounters a symbol different from a letter or an apostrophe. It then creates a new string.
        It ignores if the string is too long or if it encounters a number.
        When a word is finished, it adds the symbol "\0" at the end to signify it.
        
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather
    than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? 
    Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
        fscanf gives less flexibility than fgetc. For instance, with fscanf, we could not have determined
        that a word is not valid if it contains numerical characters, or also if the word is too long.
        
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const ?
        They are declared as const in order to ensure that these parameters are not modified along the program.
    
7.  What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer 
    at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."
        I implemented a trie. Each node of this trie is composed of the numbers 0 to 26 which correspond to the
        letters of the alphabet (a = 0 ... z = 25) and the apostrophe. Each of this number is linked with a pointer
        to another node. Each node is also composed of a bool, is_word, which is set to true if the corresponding
        node is the end of the word.
        
8.  How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
        It took the same time as the one of the staff the first time I got it working correctly.
        
9.  What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?
        I made some changes regarding memory leaks, using valgrind.
        
10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?
        Valgrind says that there are still errors even if there are no memory leaks left. I don't get where do
        these errors come from.
