0.  How many different colors does each format support?
        BMP: 32-bit per pixel, so more than 4 billion,
        GIF: 8-bit color palette, so 256 colors,
        JPEG: 24-bit color palette, so 16 million colors,
        PNG: 8-bit extendable to 24-bit colot palette, so 16 million colors. 
        
1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
        GIF
        
2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
        Lossy : compresses the file by eliminating permanently some information.
        Lossless : on the contrary, lossless compression keeps all the information.
        
3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
        JPEG
        
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
        Technically, it rewrites the metadata that pointed to the file but leaves the file content intact
        on the hard drive.
        
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
        A solution can be to overwrite the disk with ASCII Nul bytes.
        
6.  What’s stdint.h?
        It is a header file that defines a set of integer woth specific width requirements and with macros
        specifying their limits.
        
7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
        It ensures that the data you use is exactly the width you intend.
        For example, uint16_t assigns precisely an unsigned 16-bit integer.
        
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? (Assume a 32-bit architecture like 
    the CS50 Appliance.)
        BYTE: 1 byte,
        DWORD: 4 bytes,
        LONG: 4 bytes,
        WORD: 2 bytes.
        
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes 
    used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
        The first two bytes of a BMP file must contain the ASCII caracters of "B" and "M".
        So this this 42 and 4D in hexadecimal.
        
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
        bfSize: the size of the bitmap file in bytes,
        biSize: number of bytes required by the structure.
        
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
        It means that the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.
        
12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
        biBitCount
        
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
        fopen would return NULL if it can not create a file "outfile". It might happen if the OS is out of 
        memory or if we don't have the permission to write in the directory.
        
14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
        It is always 1 because the code would read only once the overall package of RGB of a pixe before
        copying it. If it were 2, it would copy it twice for instance, because the function fread returns the
        number of blocks read, here 1.
        
15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
        If bi.biWidth is 3, the value assigned to padding is 3.
        
16. What does fseek do?
        It allows to change the location of the file pointer. In this code, it enables to skip over padding.
        
17. What is SEEK_CUR?
        SEEK_CUR is a constant indicating that the offset in fseek is relative to the current position.
        
18. Whodunit?
        It's Rob Bowden!
